#Primitive	SeqNo	Name	Type	Description
scijava.roi.types.String	0	NCHAR	Count	Number of octets
scijava.roi.types.String	1	uint8[NCHAR]	CHARS	Array of octets (UTF-8)

scijava.roi.types.Color	0	R	scijava.roi.types.Float64	Red value (0,1)
scijava.roi.types.Color	1	G	scijava.roi.types.Float64	Green value (0,1)
scijava.roi.types.Color	2	B	scijava.roi.types.Float64	Blue value (0,1)
scijava.roi.types.Color	3	A	scijava.roi.types.Float64	Alpha value (0,1)

scijava.roi.types.Pair	T0	LTYPE	scijava.roi.types.TypeID	Left hand type
scijava.roi.types.Pair	T1	RTYPE	scijava.roi.types.TypeID	Right hand type
scijava.roi.types.Pair	0	LEFT	LTYPE	Left hand value
scijava.roi.types.Pair	1	RIGHT	LTYPE	Right hand value

scijava.roi.types.Array	T0	TYPE	scijava.roi.types.TypeID	Type stored in container
scijava.roi.types.Array	0	NELEM	scijava.roi.types.Count	Number of elements
scijava.roi.types.Array	1	ELEM	TYPE[NELEM]	Elements

scijava.roi.types.Set	T0	TYPE	scijava.roi.types.TypeID	Type stored in container
scijava.roi.types.Set	0	NELEM	scijava.roi.types.Count	Number of elements
scijava.roi.types.Set	1	ELEM	TYPE[NELEM]	Elements

scijava.roi.types.Map	T0	KTYPE	scijava.roi.types.TypeID	Key type stored in container
scijava.roi.types.Map	T1	VTYPE	scijava.roi.types.TypeID	Value type stored in container
scijava.roi.types.Map	0	ELEM	scijava.roi.types.Array<scijava.roi.types.Pair<KTYPE,VTYPE>>	Array of key-value pairs

scijava.roi.types.DirectedGraph	T0	NTYPE	scijava.roi.types.TypeID	Node type stored in container
scijava.roi.types.DirectedGraph	T1	ETYPE	scijava.roi.types.TypeID	Edge type stored in container
scijava.roi.types.DirectedGraph	0	VERTS	scijava.roi.types.Array<NTYPE>	Nodes
scijava.roi.types.DirectedGraph	1	EDGES	scijava.roi.types.Array<scijava.roi.types.Pair<ETYPE,scijava.roi.types.Pair<Index,Index>>	Edges, including out and in vertex numbers

# Per-shape state also includes: shape- and representation- specific data
#scijava.roi.shape.PhysicalShape	0	NCHAR	Count	Number of octets
#scijava.roi.shape.PhysicalShape	1	SID	ShapeID	Shape identifier
# Also used for re-serialisation; may be converted to canonical form internally
#scijava.roi.shape.PhysicalShape	2	RID	RepID	Representation identifier
# Internal
# Shape	3	NDIM	Count	Number of dimensions
# Shape	4	DIMS	Index[NDIM]	Object dimensionality (dimension numbers in use)
# Shape	5	PROPS	Props	Shape properties (point size, line width, text font/size etc.)

scijava.roi.types.Points1D	0	POINTS	scijava.roi.types.Array<Vertex1D>	Array of point coordinates
scijava.roi.types.Points2D	0	POINTS	scijava.roi.types.Array<Vertex2D>	Array of point coordinates
scijava.roi.types.Points3D	0	POINTS	scijava.roi.types.Array<Vertex3D>	Array of point coordinates
scijava.roi.types.Vector1D	0	V1	Vector1D	Vector
scijava.roi.types.Vector2D	0	V1	Vector2D	Vector
scijava.roi.types.Vector3D	0	V1	Vector3D	Vector

scijava.roi.types.Vectors1D	0	VECS	scijava.roi.types.Array<Vector1D>	Array of vectors
scijava.roi.types.Vectors2D	0	VECS	scijava.roi.types.Array<Vector2D>	Array of vectors
scijava.roi.types.Vectors3D	0	VECS	scijava.roi.types.Array<Vector3D>	Array of vectors

scijava.roi.types.LinePoints1D	0	P1	Vertex1D[2]	Line start and end points
scijava.roi.types.LinePoints2D	0	P1	Vertex2D[2]	Line start and end points
scijava.roi.types.LinePoints3D	0	P1	Vertex3D[2]	Line start and end points
scijava.roi.types.LineVector1D	0	P1	Vertex1D	Line start
scijava.roi.types.LineVector2D	0	P1	Vertex2D	Line start
scijava.roi.types.LineVector2D	1	V1	Vector2D	Line end (relative to P1)
scijava.roi.types.LineVector3D	0	P1	Vertex3D	Line start
scijava.roi.types.LineVector3D	1	V1	Vector3D	Line end (relative to P1)


scijava.roi.types.LinesPoints1D	0	LINES	scijava.roi.types.Array<RLinePoints1D>	Array of line points
scijava.roi.types.LinesPoints2D	0	LINES	scijava.roi.types.Array<RLinePoints2D>	Array of line points
scijava.roi.types.LinesPoints3D	0	LINES	scijava.roi.types.Array<RLinePoints3D>	Array of line points

scijava.roi.types.LinesVectors1D	0	LINES	scijava.roi.types.Array<RLineVector1D>	Array of line vectors
scijava.roi.types.LinesVectors2D	0	LINES	scijava.roi.types.Array<RLineVector2D>	Array of line vectors
scijava.roi.types.LinesVectors3D	0	LINES	scijava.roi.types.Array<RLineVector3D>	Array of line vectors

scijava.roi.types.PolylinePoints1D	0	P1	Points1D	Array of points
scijava.roi.types.PolylinePoints2D	0	P1	Points2D	Array of points
scijava.roi.types.PolylinePoints3D	0	P1	Points3D	Array of points
scijava.roi.types.PolylineVector1D	0	P1	Vertex1D	First point
scijava.roi.types.PolylineVector1D	1	V1	scijava.roi.types.Array<Vector1D>	Array of vectors
scijava.roi.types.PolylineVector2D	0	P1	Vertex2D	First point
scijava.roi.types.PolylineVector2D	1	V1	scijava.roi.types.Array<Vector2D>	Array of vectors
scijava.roi.types.PolylineVector3D	0	P1	Vertex3D	First point
scijava.roi.types.PolylineVector3D	1	V1	scijava.roi.types.Array<Vector3D>	Array of vectors
scijava.roi.types.AlignedSquare1	0	P1	Vertex2D	First corner
scijava.roi.types.AlignedSquare1	1	P2	Vertex1D	x coordinate of adjacent/opposing corner
scijava.roi.types.AlignedSquare2	0	P1	Vertex2D	First corner
scijava.roi.types.AlignedSquare2	1	P2	Vector1D	distance to adjacent corner on x axis (relative to P1)

scijava.roi.types.Cube1	0	P1	LinePoints3D	Corner and adjacent corner
scijava.roi.types.Cube2	0	P1	LineVector3D	Corner and vector to adjacent corner
scijava.roi.types.AlignedCuboid1	0	P1	LinePoints3D	Corner and opposing corner
scijava.roi.types.AlignedCuboid2	0	P1	LineVector3D	Corner and vector to opposing corner
scijava.roi.types.AlignedRectangle1	0	P1	LinePoints2D	Corner and opposing corner
scijava.roi.types.AlignedRectangle2	0	P1	LineVector2D	Corner and vector to opposing corner
scijava.roi.types.Square1	0	P1	LinePoints2D	Corner and opposing corner
scijava.roi.types.Square2	0	P1	LineVector2D	Corner and vector to opposing corner

scijava.roi.types.AlignedCube1	0	P1	Vertex3D	First corner
scijava.roi.types.AlignedCube1	1	P2	Vertex1D	x coordinate of adjacent/opposing corner
scijava.roi.types.AlignedCube2	0	P1	Vertex3D	First corner
scijava.roi.types.AlignedCube2	1	P2	Vector1D	distance to adjacent corner on x axis (relative to P1)
scijava.roi.types.Rectangle1	0	P1	Vertex2D	First corner
scijava.roi.types.Rectangle1	1	P2	Vertex2D	Adjacent corner
scijava.roi.types.Rectangle1	2	V1	Vector1D	Distance to corner opposing P1 (relative to P2)
scijava.roi.types.Rectangle2	0	P1	Vertex2D	First corner
scijava.roi.types.Rectangle2	1	V1	Vector2D	Distance to adjacent corner (relative to P1)
scijava.roi.types.Rectangle2	2	V2	Vector1D	Distance to corner opposing P1 (relative to P2)
scijava.roi.types.Cuboid1	0	P1	Vertex3D	First corner
scijava.roi.types.Cuboid1	1	P2	Vertex3D	Second corner (adjacent to P1)
scijava.roi.types.Cuboid1	2	V1	Vector2D	Distance to third corner (adjacent to P2)
scijava.roi.types.Cuboid1	3	V2	Vector1D	Distance to fourth corner (opposing P1, adjacent to V1)
scijava.roi.types.Cuboid2	0	P1	Vertex3D	First corner
scijava.roi.types.Cuboid2	1	V1	Vector3D	Distance to second corner (relative to P1)
scijava.roi.types.Cuboid2	2	V2	Vector2D	Distance to third corner (relative to V1)
scijava.roi.types.Cuboid2	3	V3	Vector1D	Distance to fourth corner (relative to V2, opposing P1)
scijava.roi.types.Circle0	0	P1	Vertex2D	Centre point
scijava.roi.types.Circle0	1	P2	Vertex2D	Circumference point
scijava.roi.types.Circle1	0	P1	Vertex2D	Centre point
scijava.roi.types.Circle1	1	V1	Vector1D	Radius
scijava.roi.types.Circle2	0	P1	Vertex2D	Centre point
scijava.roi.types.Circle2	1	V1	Vector2D	Radius
scijava.roi.types.Circle3	0	P1	Vertex2D	Point on circumference
scijava.roi.types.Circle3	1	V1	Vector2D	Vector to centre
scijava.roi.types.Circle4	0	P1	Vertex2D[2]	Two points on circumference
scijava.roi.types.Circle5	0	P1	Vertex2D[3]	Three points on circumference
scijava.roi.types.Sphere0	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre point
scijava.roi.types.Sphere0	1	P2	Vertex3D	Surface point
scijava.roi.types.Sphere1	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre point
scijava.roi.types.Sphere1	1	V1	Vector1D	Radius
scijava.roi.types.Sphere2	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre point
scijava.roi.types.Sphere2	1	V1	Vector2D	Radius
scijava.roi.types.Sphere3	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre point
scijava.roi.types.Sphere3	1	V1	Vector3D	Radius
scijava.roi.types.Sphere4	0	P1	Vertex3D	Point on surface
scijava.roi.types.Sphere4	1	V1	Vector3D	Vector to centre
scijava.roi.types.Sphere5	0	P1	Vertex3D[2]	Two points on surface
scijava.roi.types.Sphere6	0	P1	Vertex3D[4]	Four points on surface
scijava.roi.types.AlignedHalfAxes2D	0	P1	Vertex2D	Centre point
scijava.roi.types.AlignedHalfAxes2D	1	V1	Vector2D	Half axes (x,y)
scijava.roi.types.HalfAxes2D	0	P1	Vertex2D	Centre point
scijava.roi.types.HalfAxes2D	1	V1	Vector2D	Half axes (xy)
# Is the dimensionality of the half axes correct here?
scijava.roi.types.HalfAxes2D	2	V2	Vector1D	Half axes (x)
scijava.roi.types.AlignedHalfAxes3D	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre point
scijava.roi.types.AlignedHalfAxes3D	1	V1	Vector3D	Half axes (x,y,z)
scijava.roi.types.HalfAxes3D	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre point
scijava.roi.types.HalfAxes3D	1	V1	Vector3D	Half axes (xyz)
# Is the dimensionality of the half axes correct here?
scijava.roi.types.HalfAxes3D	2	V2	Vector2D	Half axes (xy)
# Is the dimensionality of the half axes correct here?
scijava.roi.types.HalfAxes3D	3	V3	Vector1D	Half axes (x)
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder1	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre of first face
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder1	1	P2	Vertex3D	Centre of second face
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder1	2	V1	Vector1D	Radius
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder2	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre of first face
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder2	1	V1	Vector3D	Distance to centre of second face
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder2	2	V2	Vector1D	Radius
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder3	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre of first face
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder3	1	P2	Vertex3D	Centre of second face
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder3	2	V1	Vector3D	Radius and angle of first face
# Should V2 only allow angle, assuming radius from V1, or also allow a
# second radius to represent a conical section?
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder3	3	V2	Vector3D	Angle of second face
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder4	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre of first face
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder4	1	V1	Vector3D	Distance to centre of second face
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder4	2	V2	Vector3D	Radius and angle of first face
# Should V3 only allow angle, assuming radius from V2, or also allow a
# second radius to represent a conical section?
scijava.roi.types.CircularCylinder4	3	V3	Vector3D	Angle of second face
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder1	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre of first face
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder1	1	P2	Vertex3D	Centre of second face
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder1	2	V1	Vector2D	Half axes (xy)
# Is the dimensionality of the half axes correct here?
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder1	3	V2	Vector1D	Half axes (x)
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder2	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre of first face
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder2	1	V1	Vector3D	Distance to second face
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder2	2	V2	Vector3D	Half axes (xy)
# Is the dimensionality of the half axes correct here?
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder2	3	V3	Vector2D	Half axes (x)
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder3	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre of first face
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder3	1	P2	Vertex3D	Centre of second face
# Should half axes and angle be specified in same vector or separately?
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder3	2	V1	Vector3D	Half axes of first face (xyz)
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder3	3	V2	Vector2D	Half axes of first face (xy)
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder3	4	V3	Vector3D	Angle of second face
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder4	0	P1	Vertex3D	Centre of first face
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder4	1	V1	Vector3D	Distance to second face
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder4	2	V2	Vector3D	Half axes (xyz)
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder4	3	V3	Vector2D	Half axes (xy)
scijava.roi.types.EllipticCylinder4	4	V4	Vector3D	Angle of second face
scijava.roi.types.Arc12D	0	P1	LinePoints2D	Centre point and arc start
scijava.roi.types.Arc12D	1	V1	Vector2D	Arc end
scijava.roi.types.Arc22D	0	P1	LineVector2D	Centre point and arc start
scijava.roi.types.Arc22D	1	V1	Vector2D	Arc end
scijava.roi.types.Arc32D	0	P1	Vertex2D[3]	Centre point, arc start and arc end (vector inferred)
scijava.roi.types.Arc13D	0	P1	LinePoints3D	Centre point and arc start
scijava.roi.types.Arc13D	1	V1	Vector3D	Arc end
scijava.roi.types.Arc23D	0	P1	LineVector3D	Centre point and arc start
scijava.roi.types.Arc23D	1	V1	Vector3D	Arc end
scijava.roi.types.Arc33D	0	P1	Vertex3D[3]	Centre point, arc start and arc end (vector inferred)
scijava.roi.types.AlignedBitMask1D	0	B1	LinePoints1D	Bounding line
scijava.roi.types.AlignedBitMask1D	1	DIM1	Vector1D	Mask dimensions (x)
scijava.roi.types.AlignedBitMask1D	2	DATA	bool[x]	Mask data
scijava.roi.types.AlignedBitMask2D	0	B1	LinePoints2D	Bounding box
scijava.roi.types.AlignedBitMask2D	1	DIM1	Vector2D	Mask dimensions (x,y)
scijava.roi.types.AlignedBitMask2D	2	DATA	bool[x,y]	Mask data
scijava.roi.types.AlignedBitMask3D	0	B1	LinePoints3D	Bounding box
scijava.roi.types.AlignedBitMask3D	1	DIM1	Vector3D	Mask dimensions (x,y,z)
scijava.roi.types.AlignedBitMask3D	2	DATA	bool[x,y,z]	Mask data
scijava.roi.types.AlignedGreyMask1D	0	B1	LinePoints1D	Bounding line
scijava.roi.types.AlignedGreyMask1D	1	DIM1	Vector1D	Mask dimensions (x)
scijava.roi.types.AlignedGreyMask1D	2	DATA	double[x]	Mask data
scijava.roi.types.AlignedGreyMask2D	0	B1	LinePoints2D	Bounding box
scijava.roi.types.AlignedGreyMask2D	1	DIM1	Vector2D	Mask dimensions (x,y)
scijava.roi.types.AlignedGreyMask2D	2	DATA	double[x,y]	Mask data
scijava.roi.types.AlignedGreyMask3D	0	B1	LinePoints3D	Bounding box
scijava.roi.types.AlignedGreyMask3D	1	DIM1	Vector3D	Mask dimensions (x,y,z)
scijava.roi.types.AlignedGreyMask3D	2	DATA	double[x,y,z]	Mask data
scijava.roi.types.BitMask2D	0	B1	Rectangle2	Bounding box
scijava.roi.types.BitMask2D	1	DIM1	Vector2D	Mask dimensions (x,y)
scijava.roi.types.BitMask2D	2	DATA	bool[x,y]	Mask data
scijava.roi.types.BitMask3D	0	B1	Cuboid2	Bounding box
scijava.roi.types.BitMask3D	1	DIM1	Vector3D	Mask dimensions (x,y,z)
scijava.roi.types.BitMask3D	2	DATA	bool[x,y,z]	Mask data
scijava.roi.types.GreyMask2D	0	B1	Rectangle2	Bounding box
scijava.roi.types.GreyMask2D	1	DIM1	Vector2D	Mask dimensions (x,y)
scijava.roi.types.GreyMask2D	2	DATA	double[x,y]	Mask data
scijava.roi.types.GreyMask3D	0	B1	Cuboid2	Bounding box
scijava.roi.types.GreyMask3D	1	DIM1	Vector3D	Mask dimensions (x,y,z)
scijava.roi.types.GreyMask3D	2	DATA	double[x,y,z]	Mask data

scijava.roi.types.Mesh2D	0	FACES	scijava.roi.types.Array<double[3]>	Vertex references per face, counterclockwise winding
scijava.roi.types.Mesh2D	1	VERTS	scijava.roi.types.Array<Vertex2D>	Vertex coordinates

scijava.roi.types.Mesh3D	0	FACES	scijava.roi.types.Array<double[3]>	Vertex references per face, counterclockwise winding
scijava.roi.types.Mesh3D	1	VERTS	scijava.roi.types.Array<Vertex3D>	Vertex coordinates

# TODO: Specify dimensions for transform?  Or have variants for different combinations?
scijava.roi.types.AffineTransform1D	0	TRANS	Affine1D	Transform
scijava.roi.types.AffineTransform1D	1	SHAPE	Shape	Shape
scijava.roi.types.AffineTransform2D	0	TRANS	Affine2D	Transform
scijava.roi.types.AffineTransform2D	1	SHAPE	Shape	Shape
scijava.roi.types.AffineTransform3D	0	TRANS	Affine3D	Transform
scijava.roi.types.AffineTransform3D	1	SHAPE	Shape	Shape
scijava.roi.types.TranslateTransform1D	0	TR1	Vector1D	Translation in x
scijava.roi.types.TranslateTransform1D	1	SHAPE	Shape1D	Shape
scijava.roi.types.TranslateTransform2D	0	TR1	Vector2D	Translation in x,y
scijava.roi.types.TranslateTransform2D	1	SHAPE	Shape1D	Shape
scijava.roi.types.TranslateTransform3D	0	TR1	Vector3D	Translation in x,y,z
scijava.roi.types.TranslateTransform3D	1	SHAPE	Shape1D	Shape
scijava.roi.types.ScaleTransform1D	0	SF1	double[1]	Scale factor for x
scijava.roi.types.ScaleTransform1D	1	SHAPE	Shape1D	Shape
scijava.roi.types.ScaleTransform2D	0	SF1	double[2]	Scale factor for x,y
scijava.roi.types.ScaleTransform2D	1	SHAPE	Shape1D	Shape
scijava.roi.types.ScaleTransform3D	0	SF1	double[3]	Scale factor for x,y,z
scijava.roi.types.ScaleTransform3D	1	SHAPE	Shape	Shape
scijava.roi.types.RotateTransform2D	0	RA	double[1]	Rotation angle in z
scijava.roi.types.RotateTransform2D	1	SHAPE	Shape	Shape
scijava.roi.types.RotateTransform3D	0	RA	double[3]	Rotation angle in x,y,z
scijava.roi.types.RotateTransform3D	1	SHAPE	Shape	Shape
scijava.roi.types.AbstractTransform1D	0	NAME	scijava.roi.types.String	Name of transformation
scijava.roi.types.AbstractTransform1D	1	ARGS	scijava.roi.types.String	Arguments
scijava.roi.types.AbstractTransform1D	2	SHAPE	Shape	Shape
scijava.roi.types.AbstractTransform2D	0	NAME	scijava.roi.types.String	Name of transformation
scijava.roi.types.AbstractTransform2D	1	ARGS	scijava.roi.types.String	Arguments
scijava.roi.types.AbstractTransform2D	2	SHAPE	Shape	Shape
scijava.roi.types.AbstractTransform3D	0	NAME	scijava.roi.types.String	Name of transformation
scijava.roi.types.AbstractTransform3D	1	ARGS	scijava.roi.types.Array<scijava.roi.types.String>	Arguments
scijava.roi.types.AbstractTransform3D	2	SHAPE	Shape	Shape
scijava.roi.types.Text	0	B1	Rectangle2	Text bounds
# Or, should the text be specified externally, e.g. as ROI label text?
scijava.roi.types.Text	1	TEXT	scijava.roi.types.String	Text
scijava.roi.types.ValuesnD	0	D1	Index	Dimension
scijava.roi.types.ValuesnD	1	V1	scijava.roi.types.Array<Index>	Values within dimension
scijava.roi.types.Range1nD	0	D1	Index	Dimension
scijava.roi.types.Range1nD	1	V1	Index	Starting value within dimension
scijava.roi.types.Range1nD	2	V2	Index	Ending value +1 within dimension
scijava.roi.types.Range2nD	0	D1	Index	Dimension
scijava.roi.types.Range2nD	1	O1	Operator	Mathematical operator
scijava.roi.types.Range2nD	2	V1	Value	Value for operation
scijava.roi.types.Extrude	0	D1	Index	Dimension
scijava.roi.types.Extrude	1	SHAPE	Shape	Shape

scijava.roi.types.ShapeSet	0	SHAPES	scijava.roi.types.Set<Shape>	Set of shapes

scijava.roi.types.Bitwise1D	0	O1	BLogic	Bitwise logic operator
scijava.roi.types.Bitwise1D	1	M1	BitMask1D	Mask 1
scijava.roi.types.Bitwise1D	2	M2	BitMask1D	Mask 2
scijava.roi.types.Bitwise2D	0	O1	BLogic	Bitwise logic operator
scijava.roi.types.Bitwise2D	1	M1	BitMask2D	Mask 1
scijava.roi.types.Bitwise2D	2	M2	BitMask2D	Mask 2
scijava.roi.types.Bitwise3D	0	O1	BLogic	Bitwise logic operator
scijava.roi.types.Bitwise3D	1	M1	BitMask3D	Mask 1
scijava.roi.types.Bitwise3D	2	M2	BitMask3D	Mask 2
scijava.roi.types.Custom	0	TYPE	scijava.roi.types.String	Name of the custom type
scijava.roi.types.Custom	1	MEASUREMENTS	Set	Set of shapes describing how the ROI was measured
scijava.roi.types.Custom	2	RESULTS	Set	Set of shapes for describing measurement results
scijava.roi.types.Custom	3	EDIT	Set	Set of shapes describing how to edit the ROI
scijava.roi.types.Custom	4	VISUAL	Set	Set of shapes describing how to visualise (render) the ROI for visualisation

scijava.roi.types.Property	0	KEY	scijava.roi.types.String	Property name
scijava.roi.types.Property	1	VALUE	Representation	Property value (includes type information)
scijava.roi.types.Properties	0	PROPS	scijava.roi.types.Set<scijava.roi.types.Property>	Set of properties

# Placeholder.
#scijava.roi.types.DimConstraint	0	INVALID	Invalid	Placeholder for type

scijava.roi.types.DimConstraintSet	0	CONSTRAINTS	scijava.roi.types.Set<scijava.roi.types.DimConstraintSet>	Set of dimensional constraints
